Layouts:
A page is UI that is unique to a route

A layout is ui that is shared between multiple pages in the app.

Next js auot generates layout.tsx file, even if that file is deleted it will be auto generated on starting the app

How to create layouts?
1. exporting a react component from layout.js or layout.tsx
2. that component should accept a children prop that will be populated with a child page during rendering.


Nested Layouts:
in order to have custom layout for any specific page route. add a layout.js/tsx file in that folder.
refer product folder

Route Group Layout:
1. uses of route group, to organize the project in such a manner that doesn't affect the url.
2. To selectively apply a layout to a certain segments while leaving other unchanged

we try this on the auth folder, we already have route group for this folder.
1. create a folder (with-auth-layout) and move login and register folder into this folder.
2. create a layout.tsx file, this will rendered when we access the route.


Routing Metadata:
1. Ensuring proper Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) is crucial for increasing visibility and attracting users
2. next.js introduced metadata API, which allows you to define metadata for each page.
3. matedata ensures accurate and relevant infromation is displayed when your pages are shared or indexed.


configuring Metadata:
Metadata can be generated by two ways
1. Export static metadata Object
2. export a dynamic generateMetadata function

Metadata rules:
1. Both layout.tsx and page.tsx files can export metadata.
    if defined in layout.tsx, it applies to all the pages in that layout.
    if defined in page.tsx, it applies only to that page
2. Metadata is read in order, from the root to the final page level.
3. when there is metadata in multiple places for the same route, they get combined but page metadata will replace layout metadata, if they have the same properties.

 static metadata implemented in the about page folder, implemented page level metadata, which will override root level metadata with page level metadata.
  
